fill in todos for powerrename.md (#30274)
microsoft/PowerToys: doc/devdocs/modules/powerrename.md

#### [`dllmain.cpp`](/src/modules/powerrename/dll/dllmain.cpp)
# PowerRename Module for PowerToys

The **PowerRename Module** is a component of [PowerToys](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys), an open-source utility that provides a set of system utilities for Windows. This module is specifically designed to enhance the file and folder renaming capabilities of Windows Explorer.

## Features
- **Advanced Renaming Options:** PowerRename introduces advanced renaming options, allowing users to efficiently rename multiple files and folders with ease.
- **Context Menu Integration:** Seamlessly integrates with the Windows Explorer context menu for quick and convenient access to renaming functionality.

> - **Persistent Settings:** Offers persistent settings, allowing users to customize and save their preferred renaming configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Persistent Settings:** Allows users to customize and save their preferred renaming configurations.
```
Suggestion to avoid repeating the bullet title.

## Registry Operations

1. **GetRegString**: Reads a string value from the Windows Registry.
2. **GetRegNumber**, **SetRegNumber**: Reads and sets integer values in the Registry.
3. **GetRegBoolean**, **SetRegBoolean**: Reads and sets boolean values in the Registry.

## Shell Item Operations

- **GetShellItemArrayFromDataObject**: Retrieves a shell item array from a data object.

## Enumeration and Naming

1. **GetEnumeratedFileName**: Generates a unique file name based on a template, directory, and minimum number.
2. **ShellItemArrayContainsRenamableItem**: Checks if the shell item array contains at least one item that can be renamed.
3. **DataObjectContainsRenamableItem**: Checks if the data object contains at least one item that can be renamed.

## Windows GUI Operations

- **CreateMsgWindow**: Creates a message window with a specified window procedure.

## Miscellaneous

- **isFileTimeUsed**: Checks if a file name template uses date and time patterns.

## Registry Keys and Values

- **c_rootRegPath**: Root path in the Registry where certain settings are stored.

## Usage

> Provide information on how to compile and use this utility. Include any dependencies or specific build instructions if necessary.

Reviewer: Is this line still a TODO?
